yeah big thing and bore stork read those
three that was enough to say already drawing up
tired so the stuff is in here
of sales and Arabic the contest
festivity tricks because if still not
you know it will also be held this year
we always do together with the guys from
skyteam allen with the park x scape that
this year there will be no minimum
a benko 2 bank is ok however 8 meters
primacy park squares and you can do it
because if I do n't understand anything
space before does so precisely the award
I wanted to tell you then already some of the
contest went the material from black
river as always sponsors and will arrive
by weekend
I'll show you that they arrived
yellow spots get the lack of dicks not me
I show how vague I am
see there are three epoque bank of
Nigeria
then he says the house of corato has
kindly to black river and to the
sale we have 12 34
and then 8 10
I don't remember this point
however 10 students are there on
comments 10 puring top 10 golds hard
then if there is only the stuff of
sales are another 10 fds said to me
total 20 10 or the best indie cerin
soft to the end the forest now still has
defined the bor store
unboxing is over so I expect a
another pack from place and above all
obviously on my page
facebook su
I don't know youtube probably because
I'll even put the stuff out for that
regards the contest this morning I have to
know the precise location then
follow the event on facebook like this
you will know exactly at the location
precise where I don't know what else to tell you
regard if you don't even skate
because you will also be able to write rechichi of
you greeting card I give you appointment
to the next boxing that will be shortly
because I have to match from find go go